[PTFE] Custom TBW image instructions (#543)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/private/install-installer.html.md

![ptfe-ca-ui](./assets/ptfe-ca-bundle.png)

## Alternative Terraform worker image

> TFE runs terraform plan and apply operations in a disposable docker container. There are cases where users may require additional tools that are not available in the default docker image. To work around this limitation users can build their own image and configure TFE to use that instead. In order for this to happen the name of the alternative docker image must be set in the config by using the relevant field as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TFE runs `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` operations in disposable Docker containers. There are cases where runs may make frequent use of additional tools that are not available in the default Docker image. To allow use of these tools for any plan or apply, users can build their own image and configure TFE to use that instead. 

In order to use an alternative Docker image, the image name must be set in the config by using the [Name] field as shown below:
```

Reviewer: `[Name]` here should be replaced by the name of the field (it's important that it be in the text, not only in an image).

![ptfe-docker-image](./assets/ptfe-docker-image.png)

> During the first iteration of this feature it is important to impose certain limitations on what we can support. These limitations are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requirements
```

>  - The base image must be ubuntu:xenial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The base image must be `ubuntu:xenial`.
```

 - The image must exist on the PTFE host. It can be added by running `docker pull` from a local registry or any other similar method.

>  - The user is responsible for making sure CA certificates are available when terraform runs.

Reviewer 2: after this i'd second alexis on expanding which certs and how to inject.

>  - The user is responsible for making sure the image exists on the PTFE host by running `docker pull` from their own registry, or any other similar method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The image must exist on the PTFE host. It can be added by running `docker pull` from a local registry or any other similar method.
```

>  - Terraform must not be installed in the image. TFE will take care of that on runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Terraform must not be installed on the image. TFE will take care of that at runtime.
```

>  - The user is responsible for making sure CA certificates are available when terraform runs.

Reviewer: Let's say a bit more here - even more than the example below. I'd suggest that we explain which certs are likely to be needed and how we recommend injecting them.

Author: I added a small sentence explaining what we expect the file to contain. If we want to expand on what a CA cert is and which CAs we expect customers to include then this should be done on a different page, since this is also relevant to other configuration settings as well.

>  - CA certificates must available when terraform runs. During image creation a file containing all necessary PEM encoded CA certificates must be placed in `/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - CA certificates must available when terraform runs. During image creation, a file containing all necessary PEM encoded CA certificates must be placed in `/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt`. 
```

Reviewer 3: Building on Alexis':

```suggestion
 - CA certificates must be available when terraform runs. During image creation, a file containing all necessary PEM encoded CA certificates must be placed in `/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt`. 
```
